Barbie had always dreamed about owning
her own pet shop she loved pets and
today the dream was finally coming true
but when she turned up at the shop the
builders hadn't even started her pit
shop was just a pile of bricks she was
so disappointed ken came by and saw the
pile of Fritz
don't worry Barbie I have a friend who
knows some builders as if they can help
and he phoned his friend
I don't know who they are said Ken -
Barbie but they can help you and they
will be here soon
Barbie was so pleased they heard a train
in the distance and is stopped by the
pile of bricks what are the passengers
got off I don't know what he said said
Ken but they seem to want to help the
rest of the passengers got off the train
and walked towards a pile of wigs and
started building
the builders seemed quite clumsy but
after only a short while Barbies pet
shop was finished the builders went to
see Ken he wanted to pay them what all
they would say was left banana ten
realize that the builders wanted to be
paid in bananas and where he organized a
pile of bananas for them they seemed
quite happy collector honoree got back
on their tray
wow that was good value ken said to
Barbie come on let's have a look at your
pet shop
they had a really good look round I
think you got everything you need here
Barbie said Ken I'll leave you to it now
goodbye thanks for watching our video to
see more please click on any of these
clips and if you haven't already
subscribe
go on do so now I'm going to get to give
us a like see you soon